readme.markdown, before:

# jQuery tweetQuery

## Demo

[Demo](http://trexthepirate.com/tweetquery/) located here. It also lists the arguments available.

## Options

* username:		"twitter"

The twitter username you want to show. Defaults to "twitter"

* tweetcount: 5

How many tweets you want to display. Defaults to 5

* markup: 'div'

The type of markup you want. Options are "div", "ul", and "ol". Defaults to "div"

* trimuser: 1

Trim user information. Defaults to true.

* include_rts: 1

Include RTs. Setting to false removes any RTs from the total tweetcount shown above. If you have 4 recent tweets and 1 RT, you'll only be shown the 4 non RTs. Defaults to true

* include_entities:	1

Include entities. This is basically tweet metadata. See: [Twitter API Tweet Entities](https://dev.twitter.com/docs/tweet-entities). Defaults to true

## Example

	$(document).ready( function(){
		$('#tweets').tweetQuery({
			'username': 'tw2113'
		});
	});

This will append the resulting twitter data for @tw2113 into a dom element with the ID of "tweets". The rest of the options fall back to the defaults mentioned above.

Commit message:

updated readme to mark as obsolete

readme.markdown, after:

# jQuery tweetQuery

## Obsolete

Due to Twitter retiring the 1.0 API version and moving everyone to 1.1, this plugin will become obsolete. Fork if you want, I don't plan to make it authenticate as a "Twitter app".

## Demo

[~~Demo~~](http://trexthepirate.com/tweetquery/) located here. It also lists the arguments available.

## Options

* username:		"twitter"

The twitter username you want to show. Defaults to "twitter"

* tweetcount: 5

How many tweets you want to display. Defaults to 5

* markup: 'div'

The type of markup you want. Options are "div", "ul", and "ol". Defaults to "div"

* trimuser: 1

Trim user information. Defaults to true.

* include_rts: 1

Include RTs. Setting to false removes any RTs from the total tweetcount shown above. If you have 4 recent tweets and 1 RT, you'll only be shown the 4 non RTs. Defaults to true

* include_entities:	1

Include entities. This is basically tweet metadata. See: [Twitter API Tweet Entities](https://dev.twitter.com/docs/tweet-entities). Defaults to true

## Example

	$(document).ready( function(){
		$('#tweets').tweetQuery({
			'username': 'tw2113'
		});
	});

This will append the resulting twitter data for @tw2113 into a dom element with the ID of "tweets". The rest of the options fall back to the defaults mentioned above.
